Make sure arrays are bytes aligned in joblib pickles (#1254)
joblib/joblib: CHANGES.rst

  worker processes in case of a crash.
  https://github.com/joblib/joblib/pull/1269

> - Fix memory alignment bug for pickles containing numpy arrays.
>   https://github.com/joblib/joblib/pull/1254/files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix memory alignment bug for pickles containing numpy arrays.
  This is especially important when loading the pkl with
  `mmap_mode != None` as the resulting numpy.memmap object
  would not be able to correct the misalignment without performing
  a memory copy.
  This bug would cause invalid computation and segmentation faults
  with native code that would directly access the underlying data
  buffer of a numpy array, for instance C/C++/Cython code compiled
  with older GCC versions, some old OpenBLAS written in platform
  specific assembly...).
  https://github.com/joblib/joblib/pull/1254
```
